Component Migration Info Updates to Psammead Readme [WSTEAMA-51] (#4638)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/README.md

# 🚨 --- NO LONGER MAINTAINED ---- Psammead ---- NO LONGER MAINTAINED --- 🚨

> We have recently migrated most of our Psammead components (except for BBC Web Vitals) to a legacy package in our Single Page Application called Simorgh (www.github.com/bbc/simorgh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have recently migrated most of our Psammead components (except for BBC Web Vitals) to a [legacy folder](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/legacy) in our Single Page Application called [Simorgh](www.github.com/bbc/simorgh).
```
